0.1-The goal of regression is to build a model to accurately predict an unknown case.

-Two types of evaluation approaches that can
be used to achieve this goal.
These approaches are: train and test on the same dataset, and train/test split.

Also, we’ll introduce some metrics for accuracy of regression models.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
1.1-
Let’s look at the first approach.
When considering evaluation models, we clearly want to choose the one that will give us the
most accurate results.
So, the question is, how we can calculate the accuracy of our model?
In other words, how much can we trust this model for prediction of an unknown sample,
using a given a dataset and having built a model such as linear regression.

-
Let’s look at the first approach.
When considering evaluation models, we clearly want to choose the one that will give us the
most accurate results.
So, the question is, how we can calculate the accuracy of our model?
In other words, how much can we trust this model for prediction of an unknown sample,
using a given a dataset and having built a model such as linear regression.

------
Approach1--
One of the solutions is to select a portion of our dataset for testing.
For instance, assume that we have 10 records in our dataset.
We use the entire dataset for training, and we build a model using this training set.
Now, we select a small portion of the dataset, such as row numbers 6 to 9, but without the
labels.
This set, is called a test set, which has the labels, but the labels are not used for
prediction, and is used only as ground truth.
The labels are called “Actual values” of the test set.
-------
-
Now, we pass the feature set of the testing portion to our built model, and predict the
target values.
Finally, we compare the predicted values by our model with the actual values in the test
set.
This indicates how accurate our model actually is.
There are different metrics to report the accuracy of the model, but most of them work
generally, based on the similarity of the predicted and actual values.
Let’s look at one of the simplest metrics to calculate the accuracy of our regression
model.

As mentioned, we just compare the actual values, y, with the predicted values, which is noted
as y ̂ for the testing set.
The error of the model is calculated as the average difference between the predicted and
actual values for all the rows.
We can write this error as an equation.
-
So, the first evaluation approach we just talked about is the simplest one: train and
test on the SAME dataset.
Essentially, the name of this approach says it all … you train the model on the entire
dataset, then you test it using a portion of the same dataset.
In a general sense, when you test with a dataset in which you know the target value for each
data point, you’re able to obtain a percentage of accurate predictions for the model.

