ML-
You should clean your data, select a proper algorithm for building a prediction model,
and train your model to understand patterns of benign or malignant cells within the data.
Once the model has been trained by going through data iteratively, it can be used to predict
----
Machine learning is the subfield of computer science that gives "computers the ability
to learn without being explicitly programmed.”
---
Prior to machine learning, each image would be transformed to a vector of features.
---
Then, traditionally, we had to write down some rules or methods in order to get computers
Well, as you can guess, it needed a lot of rules, highly dependent on the current dataset,
and not generalized enough to detect out-of-sample cases.
---
In brief, AI tries to make computers intelligent in order to mimic the cognitive functions
of humans.
So, Artificial Intelligence is a general field with a broad scope including: Computer Vision,
Language Processing, Creativity, and Summarization.
Machine Learning is the branch of AI that covers the statistical part of artificial
intelligence.
It teaches the computer to solve problems by looking at hundreds or thousands of examples,
learning from them, and then using that experience to solve the same problem in new situations.
And Deep Learnin
---
1.2-

Python for Machine Learning (6:10)-

We try to introduce the Python packages in this course and use it in the labs to give
you better hands-on experience.

1.The first package is Numpy, which is a math library to work with n-dimensional arrays
in Python.
It enables you to do computation efficiently and effectively.
It is better than regular python because of its amazing capabilities.
For example, for working with arrays, dictionaries, functions, datatypes, and working with images,
you need to know Numpy.

-
2.SciPy is a collection of numerical algorithms and domain-specific toolboxes, including signal
processing, optimization, statistics and much more.
SciPy is a good library for scientific and high-performance computation.

3.Matplotlib is a very popular plotting package that provides 2D plotting as well as 3D plotting.

All 3 are good asset
for data scientists who want to work with real world problems.

4.Pandas library, is a very high-level python library that provides high-performance, easy
to use data structures.
It has many functions for data importing, manipulation and analysis.
In particular, it offers data structures and operations for manipulating numerical tables
and time series.

5.scikit-learn is a collection of algorithms and tools for machine learning.
---
======
Scikit-learn is a free machine learning library for the Python programming language.
It has most of the classification, regression and clustering algorithms, and it’s designed
to work with the Python numerical and scientific libraries, NumPy and SciPy.
Also, it includes very good documentation.
On top of that, implementing machine learning models with scikit learn is really easy with
a few lines of python code.
Most of the tasks that need to be done in a machine learning pipeline are implemented
already in scikit learn, including, pre-processing of data, feature selection, feature extraction,
train/test splitting, defining the algorithms, fitting models, tuning parameters, prediction,
evaluation, and exporting the model.

Example explaination-
Basically, machine learning algorithms benefit from standardization of the data set.
If there are some outliers, or different scales fields in your data set, you have to fix them.
The preprocessing package of scikit learn provides several common utility functions
and transformer classes to change raw feature vectors into a suitable form of vector for
modeling.
You have to split your dataset into train and test sets to train your model, and then
test the model’s accuracy separately.
Scikit learn can split arrays or matrices into random train and test subsets for you,
in one line of code.
Then, you can setup your algorithm.

Example-
For example, you can build a classifier using a support vector classification algorithm.
We call our estimator instance clf, and initialize its parameters.
Now, you can train your model with the train set.
By passing our training set to the fit method, the clf model learns to classify unknown cases.
Then, we can use our test set to run predictions.
And, the result tells us what the class of each unknown value is.
Also, you can use different metrics to evaluate your model accuracy, for example, using a
confusion matrix to show the results.
And finally, you save your model.
=====
1.3-Supervised vs Unsupervised 

1.3.1-
We’ll be supervising a machine learning model that might be able to produce
classification regions

we supervise a machine learning model-
by “teaching” the model.
That is, we load the model with knowledge so that we can have it predict future instances.

**We teach the model by training it with some data from a labeled dataset.
It’s important to note that the data is labeled.

example
-We teach the model by training it with some data from a labeled dataset.
It’s important to note that the data is labeled.

-
When dealing with machine learning, the most commonly used data is numeric.
The second is categorical… that is, it’s non-numeric, because it contains characters
rather than numbers.
In this case, it’s categorical because this dataset is made for Classification.

There are two types of Supervised Learning techniques.
They are: classification and regression.
Classification is the process of predicting a discrete class label or category.
Regression is the process of predicting a continuous value as opposed to predicting
a categorical value in Classification.

Example-
It is related to Co2 emissions of different cars.
It includes Engine size, Cylinders, Fuel Consumption and Co2 emission of various models of automobiles.
Given this dataset, you can use regression to predict the Co2 emission of a new car by
using other fields, such as Engine size or number of Cylinders.



